---
layout: post
title: Week 1 : Intro
---

When I heard the term "open source" for the first time, my understanding is basic and literal: the source code is published openly on the internet and free for anyone to look at. As I become more familiar with the term after using several open-source software, I think of it as a way to connect people who love programming and people who are interested in the project together.; it creates a community that brings people from all around the world together. When I encounter problems while using an open-source project, instead of emailing the customer service for technical support, I can just look at the project's GitHub issue page, read others' discussions, and try to fix the problem myself, which sometimes makes me very proud. This can also be a disadvantage of open source. It is hard for people who don't know the language or how to code to understand. When the project is not so popular, there is not much discussion. In this case, finding a solution is not easy that sometimes I have to give up. Open-source also gives a lot of freedom to use and modify the source code. The idea that I could customize the software I like, fix bugs, or improve the performance is very attractive and exciting. This is also why I decide to register for this class. I want to contribute to open source and get more involved with this online community.

Since I am mainly interested in web development, most of the open-source projects I deal with regularly are related to web dev. The code editor I use daily is Visual Studio Code. I can also install many open-source extensions on it to customize the interface and to make code easier to read and write. For example, Prettier, the extension that automatically formats your code is very convenient; you can also change the setting to 'format on save' so that you do not need to do it manually. Anther open-source extension for VS Code that I like is Live Server, which allows you to preview your website and automatically updates the page content when you change your code. The language I use for front-end development is React.js, which is becoming increasingly popular. The documentation is detailed and specific, which makes it relatively easy to learn and use. Last but not least, MaterailizeCSS is a CSS framework, like Bootstrap, but based on Material Design instead. It is very easy to incorporate into your work. This project is developed by four students from Carnegie Mellon University, which is very inspiring.
