---
layout: post
title: Week 3 - Browser Extension Summary
---

I am pretty satisfied with the Light Switch extension we made and the collaboration between me and my teammates. I think we did a good job of getting to know each other's specialty and then dividing the tasks based on that. Due to some schedule issues, we didn't have a chance to meet in person to discuss and work on this project; if we do, we might come up with more ideas or add more features. We mainly communicated using Slack, therefore, sometimes we cannot respond to each other immediately, but in general, our teamwork is productive and yields a good result.

Working in a team makes me realize the importance of honest communication. When we were discussing what extension we should make, each of us did some research and brought up different ideas. Through discussion, we voted and then decided on one idea. When it comes to dividing tasks, we all clearly state what we can do and what we don't know, which makes assigning tasks more efficient and the workload of each member is not too heavy.

I really enjoyed watching other groups' presentation. It was a lot of fun, especially seeing them advertising for their "product." The coin flip one impressed me a lot because I didn't know you can create such cool animations using only CSS. I also realized that it is important to have a well documented and comprehensive readme file, because it makes your project look more "professional" and very clear and nice for potential users or contributers.

This is my first time working on an open source project. The idea of other people contributing to our project is still unfamiliar to me. From this exercise, I learned more about the differences between each license. I also become more proficient about how to use git and GitHub for teamwork. It is very interesting to look at other group's code and see how they create their extensions. 
