---
layout: post
title: Week 10 Making Progress
---

Stand ups, Our Progress and Wikipedia...

### Stand ups

On Wednesday, each group had a group stand up, during which we talked about the project we have been working on, the progress we made and the difficulties we encountered. Listening to other groups' reports makes me feel "I'm not alone." I can relate to many issues that other groups talked about. For example, there are not so many good first issues and when you finally find a seemingly workable issue, it is already claimed by others.

Our group only uses github for communication, so I also learned some new ways that people work in a project communicate with each other. Some projects seem very hard to set up the develop environment. All of these involve technologies I never heard of, so the presentations are definitely very interesting and eye-opening.

### Our Progress

This week, I reported an issue regarding a bug on p5.js website and my pull request about translation is merged. The person from the team reviews my pull request very carefully. He not only points out which part of the translation sounds unnatural, 
but also asks my opinion and discusses the wording together with me. He is also very polite and encouraging. We always receive "good work" and "thanks" from them. When I run into problems, like I don't have permission to push my changes to p5-website repository, he responded quickly with solutions and told me to fork the repo first. 

I think p5.js has a really friendly "open-source" atmosphere. There are several issues raised everyday about improvements to the website, like "adding a universal search bar" or the one our group member raised "adding a subscribe button." The team is not only responsive, but also discusses the solutions with contributors. 

### Wikipedia

Wikipedia is almost the first resource I go for when I want to look up something, like a dictionary with comprehensive information. I have only contributed to wikipedia once because I find the user interface of the contributing page really hard to use.
