---
layout: post
title: Week 9 A Deeper Understanding of Open Source
---

My first contribution and invited talk.

### Contributions to p5.js-website

This week, I made two contributions to the project we picked. 

The first contribution I made is transferring example from the original Processing webiste to p5 website. Because the original example is written in java, I learned some p5.js and rewrote the [example using p5.js](https://p5js.org/examples/advanced-data-load-saved-table.html). The process is a lot fun. p5.js is such a fun language. I absolutely love drawing and creating "art" using code. However, when I tried to `push` my changes, I found my permission was denied. I thought "why can't I push, isn't this thing open source?" Clearly, my open source knowledge from class is not working in practice. So I left a comment under my issue saying I don't have permssion, the person from p5.js responded very quickly saying I need to fork the repo first. It turned out that one of our teammates who fork the repo to our class organization forgot to add me as a collaborator; that's why I don't have permission to `push`. 

The second contribution is that I tranlated the documentations of the examples on their website to Chinese.

In conclusion, I didn't encounter any difficulty during my contribution. All the docs are very detailed and easy to follow along. Contributions my teammates have made include adding button to improve user experience, translation and fixing typos. Our issues and pull requests are responded very fast. Seeing the changes we made on their website makes us very happy and satisfying. 

### Invited talk

The invited talk on Wednesday is super helpful and inspring. It mentions several points that I have never tought of before. 

The first interesting idea is that making a project open source improves the quality of the code. Since everyone on the internet can see the code, the programmers have more motivations to improve their code, optimize it. Tasks that might be procrastinated are done as soon as possible.

The second thing is the importantance of managing my github account. The idea that do not make my github page like a google drive or dropbox strikes me a lot, becuase using github as a storage place is what I have beening doing for a long time. Because I am lazy and I do not think there will be other people interested in the code I wrote, I seldom write readme for the project I have done. However, as I become more familiar with the open source community, I slowly understand how useful my code might be to others. Therefore, I plan to reorganize my github page and make it like a publication that welcomes other's views, comments and contributions.

The third one is the relationship between contributing to open source and getting a job. I learned a lot about how open-source project makes money and why large companies put money and resources into developing open source projects.
