---
layout: post
title: Week 6 Invited Talk and Project Evaluations
---

Reproducibility and project evaluation.

## Invited Talk

The invited talk introduced me to several important concepts that I rarely cared about before. 

The first thing is reproducibility. The idea that how we should better manage our work and create reproducible infrastructure to make our lives better is very inspiring. It is also interesting to learn that how open source and reproducibility affects research. When we use proprietary software for some parts of the research, it makes that part particularly difficult to test and reproduce. When other people want to run on their machine and see if the result of this research is valid or not, they might not be able to reproduce and it is hard to know why it is wrong. Using proprietary software makes us become less "certain" about our research becuase the proprietary part is the part where we completely don't know what's going on behind the code.

I was also introduced to many handy tools. One of them is called [choose a license](https://choosealicense.com/), which gives you recommendations on which license to choose based on your project and your specific requirement. This is very helpful for people like me who know very little about the differences between each license. This website also presents the key features of each license in a very clear way, listing the limitations, conditions and permissions of each license in bullet point form.

Another very helpful tip is to look for the _good first issue_ tag in the project's issue page, which is a tag for open-source newbies who are struggling to make their first contribution. When I was doing project evalution, I noticed GatsbyJS has this tag for their issues. This makes me think that this project is probably newbie friendly and the community encourages people to join them and make contributions.

## Project Evaluation

The project evaluation is very helpful. I get to take a close look at the project's repo, went throught the pull requests, open and close issues and the code base. The evalution template provides me with a standard or guideline to make judgements about whether I am comfident in contributing to this project for the rest of the semester or not. Without the template, my judgement will not be that comprehensive and clear. The Two projects I looked at are OpenStates and GatsbyJS. I think both of them are very good projects to contribute to. It is surprising to me that pull requests are closed usually within a day and the open issues are responded within a very short period of time. Though there is not much inline documentation for each function, the overall documentation is clear and thorough. I didn't encounter any issue installing the development environment.
