---
layout: post
title: Week 11 Open Efforts Regarding COVID-19
---

### [corona-cli](https://github.com/ahmadawais/corona-cli)

  Corona-cli is an open source project written in JavaScript that allows people to track information and updates on Coronavirus disease (COVID-19) in the command line. It gets the worldwide COVID-19 statistics with data on the number of cases, deaths, recovered, active, critical, etc.. It also plots the statistics in the form of both regular and logarithmic chart. I think it is very easy and convenient to use and the data is very comprehensive with very clear visualization.
  
 ### [CoronaTracker](https://coronatracker.samabox.com/)
 
  repo link: https://github.com/mhdhejazi/CoronaTracker
  
  This project is an app for macOS and ios that visualizes COVID-19 data. It is written in Swift and uses data provided by JHU CSSE (https://github.com/CSSEGISandData/COVID-19). The user interface is very clear. We can view the distribution map at both country level and city level. There are also various charts that help people better understanding the severity of the current situation, like a timeline chart for countries and cities, a chart for daily new cases shows how fast the virus is spreading in a given country, etc..
  
### 'One World: Together at Home' concert

  This is a online concert curated by Lady Gaga that gathers major artists and influencers around the world to perform and aims to raise funds for coronavirus and cheer people up amid this global virus. This is not software related but it also shows an open effort to unite the world together to face this crisis.
  
### Conclusion

  Open efforts are more important than ever during this time. Open source projects that provide various information and help to the global public makes people better understanding the current situation and therefore act accordingly to prevent the situation from getting worse. Global contributions unite the world together more than ever. Through these international collaborations and contributions, we realize that humanity is fighting the virus together. Transparent information and unity are what we need the most right now. 
