---
layout: post
title: Week 8 Starting Off
---

Rebasing, Final Project, and more.

### Rebasing

This week we spent a lot of time learning and practicing rebasing between branches. I've only used `merge` before, `rebase` is completely a new thing to me. In the beginning, `rebase` looks the same as `merge`, so it took me some time to distinguish between the two. Even though now I know that `rebase` overwrites the commit history, while `merge` creates a new "merge commit," I can still hardly imagine how I will actually apply `rebase` in real work and in what situation people might prefer one over another. I think as I become more involved in larger projects, I will slowly understand their use cases better.

### p5.js

This week, after some research and discussions, we finally picked a solid project to contribute to as a group for the rest of the semester. The project we think is good for our first contribution is p5.js, especially their p5-website project. Some contributions we've already found out that we can make are translating the example documentation on their webstie to Chinese, and translating the examples on Processing website to javascript and put on the p5.js website.

We also met some problems that we didn't think of before. For example, we found some examples that are missing on the p5.js website, so we raised an issue for porting those missing examples and expressed that we are willing to work on this. The community responded by saying not all examples on the Processing website are suitable for p5.js, like the one we pointed out doesn't really make sense in p5.js. This makes us realize that how little we understand about the project. However, the community is very friendly. They respond to our issues and our follow up questions within a day. Two of our teammates have already made pull requests regarding typo and broken links and their pull requests are merged. They also receive "thanks" from the communtiy.

Overall, I think the community is really nice and we pick the right project. I've always wanted to create art by writing code, so p5.js is a perfect for this goal. This would also be a great opportunity for me to learn it. :)

### Quarantine Life

There are several confirmed COVID-19 cases in the building I live, so I've been staying at home for quite some time. The recent rainy and cloudy weather makes me kind of enjoy my quarantine life. However, buying grocery is increasingly difficult these days. I normally use Amazon prime to shop whole foods online because they have a two-hour free delivery window. Yet, given the current situation, a lot of items and the delivery time slots became unavailable really fast. :(
