---
layout: post
title: Week 5 Reflections
---

### project evaluation

The project evaluation activity completed in class gives me a better idea of how to start contributing to open source. Evaluating a project thoroughly before I decide which project to contribute to will make my future work a lot easier. I learned a lot about what to pay attention to when determining which project is newbie-friendly; for example, the documentation about the code and about how to make contributions, the number of issues and how frequent those issues are responded, etc. I think reading and understanding the actual code is the hardest thing because there is hardly any inline documentation of the functions and the project we looked at, Jupyter, is written in Python, a language I am not that familiar with. I also feel like I should change my mindset and get used to the role of a developer rather than a user. When looking at a project, I can not figure out which line of code needs to be fixed or which part needs my contribution. I think this is primarily the reason it is difficult for me to start contributing to open source. I think I still need to do more research before I finally pin down on one specific project.

### invited talk

The talk introduced me to a number of open source projects developed and used by Bloomberg. It is interesting to learn that large companies like Bloomberg is contributing and supporting the open source communtiy. It makes realize why open source matters and why should we contribute to open source.

### my contributions

Most of my contributions are made to open street map. I find it interesting and satisfying to see the contributions I made on the map. However, I wish I can contribute to more computer-science related projects and make more code-based contributions in the future.
