---
layout: post
title: Week 7 Working Remotely
---

A lot of things happened this week. We started taking class remotely and finally start on our final project.

### Remote Class

Due to the current situation, school decided to move to remote instruction. At first, I was worried about how this whole remote thing is going to work; but after taking several classes, I think it worked pretty well. 

The class on Wednesday didn't feel too different from our usual classes. Zoom makes interaction quite easy, we can click on the _raise hand_ icon to "raise our hand"; we can also talk or post our questions in the chatroom. The breakout room experience simulates group discussion very well.

### Final Project

Since everyone in our group is interested in web development and we are all familiar with JavaScript, our main goal is to find a web development related project to contribute to. 

We looked at some projects' repositories like GatsbyJS, ExpressJS and OpenFoodFact and their evaluations. We also tried to explore more projects by browsing over Github's trending repositories because we want to find a project that is big enough for us to make our first contributions but not too popular that everyone wants to contribute and newbies are ignored as a result.

By the end of the day, we narrowed our choices to several projects like OpenFoodFact, because they explicitly state the types of contributions they need on their wikipeida page, making us eaier to start. In addition, their code base is mainly html, css and javascript, which are languages we all familiar with. However, our main concerns are, first, the files are so poorly organized. For example, there is a folder called html, but inside that html folder, there are a bunch of css and javascript files. The files names and the file structre are very confusing and unclear, so we thought it might be very hard to work with. Second, it is already chosen by some other groups and we might not want to compete with other groups for limited amount of contributions to make.

We will definitly settle down on one project after spring break. Since we all work remotely now, it is hard for us to meet in person to help each other and there is time zone difference in our group; communication between us seems to be the biggest issue. I think we need to figure out a schedule that works for all of us and carefully split the tasks to maximize our efficiency.
